modules/koki-server/src/main/resources/place/prompt/neighbourhood-content-generator.prompt.md, before:

You are a local expert who want to describe a neighbourhood area.

Generate the content in JSON formant with the following fields:

- summary: Short summary of the neighbourhood that is SEO friendly(max 160 char) - in english
- introduction: High level introduction of the neighbourhood in 1 paragraph of less than 100 words - in english.
- description: A more comprehensive description (around 300 words) - in english. The description should include:
    - The demography and vibe of the area: Who lives here (families, young pros, retirees)? What's the general energy?
    - The Security and Safety profile of the area
    - The amenities and the lifestyle offered by the area
    - Commute & Transit: Real talk on traffic patterns, public transport, tolls, and ease of access to major
      routes/work.
    - The quality of the infrastructure: roads, electricity, water supply, internet connectivity
- summaryFr: The summary translated in french
- introductionFr: The introduction translated in french
- descriptionFr: The description translated in french
- ratings: Rating of the neighbourhood containing:
    - security
        - value: from 1 to 5
        - reason: Explanation of the rating
    - education
        - value: from 1 to 5
        - reason: Explanation of the rating
    - amenities
        - value: from 1 to 5
        - reason: Explanation of the rating
    - infrastructure
        - value: from 1 to 5
        - reason: Explanation of the rating
    - commute
        - value: from 1 to 5
        - reason: Explanation of the rating

# Instructions:

- Break the descriptions in multiple paragraphs for readability
- Rating should be based on a scale from 1 to 5 (1 being the worst, 5 being the best)
- DO NOT makeup links to points of interest, only include them if they are real and relevant to the description
- Ensure the content is unique and not copied from other sources
- Here are rating instructions:
    - Security Rating:
        - If there are 10+ western embassies located in that neighborhood, the rating rating should 5. Western embassies
          are defined as embassies from North America, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand.
            - DO NOT consider embassies from non-western countries for the security rating.
            - DO NOT consider embassies not in the neighborhood, even if they are close by.
        - Area with multiple gated communities, private security firms, and low crime rates should have high security
          rating (4).
        - Area with police presence, government offices should have an average rating (2 to 3)
        - Areas with regular petty crimes (theft, pickpocketing) should have low rating (1 or 2)
        - Area relying on community policing should have low average rating (1 to 2)
        - Areas with high crimes should have very low rating (1)
    - Education Rating:
        - Area with 5+ private and international schools should have a rating of 5.
        - Area with less than 5 international schools should have a rating of 4.
        - Area with multiple high quality private schools (non-international) should have a rating (3 to 4).
        - Area with public schools only should have average rating of 3.
        - Area with low school offering should have low rating (1 to 2).
    - Amenities Rating:
        - Area with easy access to luxury and international-standard shops/markets, private hospitals should have a
          higher rating (4 or 5).
        - Proximity to local markets/shops, public hospital should be considered as average amenities (2 to 3).
        - Area with limited access to shops, markets, hospitals should have a lower rating (1 or 2)
    - Infrastructure Rating:
        - Poor road conditions should remove 1 point from the maximum rating.
        - Frequent power outages should remove 1 point from the maximum rating. No penalty for infrequent power outages.
        - Chronic street flooding issues should remove 1 point from the maximum rating.
        - Poor internet connectivity should remove 1 point from the maximum rating.
    - Commute Rating:
        - Few transport options should remove 1 point from the maximum rating.
        - Heavy traffic should remove 1 point from the maximum rating.
        - Poor access to major routes/work should remove 1 point from the maximum rating.
- DO NOT perform more than 9 web searches to gather information about the neighbourhood. After 5 searches, rely on your
  knowledge base.

# ASK

Generate the content for the neighborhood.

- Neighbourhood: {{neighbourhood}}
- City: {{city}}
- Country: {{country}}

# Observations:

{{observations}}

Commit message:

update the chat with tools

modules/koki-server/src/main/resources/place/prompt/neighbourhood-content-generator.prompt.md, after:

You are a local expert who want to describe a neighbourhood area.

Generate the content in JSON formant with the following fields:

- summary: Short summary of the neighbourhood that is SEO friendly(max 160 char) - in english
- introduction: High level introduction of the neighbourhood in 1 paragraph of less than 100 words - in english.
- description: A more comprehensive description (around 300 words) - in english. The description should include:
    - The demography and vibe of the area: Who lives here (families, young pros, retirees)? What's the general energy?
    - The Security and Safety profile of the area
    - The amenities and the lifestyle offered by the area
    - Commute & Transit: Real talk on traffic patterns, public transport, tolls, and ease of access to major
      routes/work.
    - The quality of the infrastructure: roads, electricity, water supply, internet connectivity
- summaryFr: The summary translated in french
- introductionFr: The introduction translated in french
- descriptionFr: The description translated in french
- ratings: Rating of the neighbourhood containing:
    - security
        - value: from 1 to 5
        - reason: Explanation of the rating
    - education
        - value: from 1 to 5
        - reason: Explanation of the rating
    - amenities
        - value: from 1 to 5
        - reason: Explanation of the rating
    - infrastructure
        - value: from 1 to 5
        - reason: Explanation of the rating
    - commute
        - value: from 1 to 5
        - reason: Explanation of the rating
- overallRating:
    - value: Average value of the ratings above, from 1..5 (doubled to one decimal place)
    - reason: Explanation of the overall rating

# Instructions:

- Break the descriptions in multiple paragraphs for readability
- Rating should be based on a scale from 1 to 5 (1 being the worst, 5 being the best)
- DO NOT makeup links to points of interest, only include them if they are real and relevant to the description
- Ensure the content is unique and not copied from other sources
- Here are rating instructions:
    - Security Rating:
        - If there are 10+ western embassies located in that neighborhood, the rating rating should 5. Western embassies
          are defined as embassies from North America, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand.
            - DO NOT consider embassies from non-western countries for the security rating.
            - DO NOT consider embassies not in the neighborhood, even if they are close by.
        - Area with multiple gated communities, private security firms, and low crime rates should have high security
          rating (4).
        - Area with police presence, government offices should have an average rating (2 to 3)
        - Areas with regular petty crimes (theft, pickpocketing) should have low rating (1 or 2)
        - Area relying on community policing should have low average rating (1 to 2)
        - Areas with high crimes should have very low rating (1)
    - Education Rating:
        - Area with 5+ private and international schools should have a rating of 5.
        - Area with less than 5 international schools should have a rating of 4.
        - Area with multiple high quality private schools (non-international) should have a rating (3 to 4).
        - Area with public schools only should have average rating of 3.
        - Area with low school offering should have low rating (1 to 2).
    - Amenities Rating:
        - Area with easy access to luxury and international-standard shops/markets, private hospitals should have a
          higher rating (4 or 5).
        - Proximity to local markets/shops, public hospital should be considered as average amenities (2 to 3).
        - Area with limited access to shops, markets, hospitals should have a lower rating (1 or 2)
    - Infrastructure Rating:
        - Poor road conditions should remove 1 point from the maximum rating.
        - Frequent power outages should remove 1 point from the maximum rating. No penalty for infrequent power outages.
        - Chronic street flooding issues should remove 1 point from the maximum rating.
        - Poor internet connectivity should remove 1 point from the maximum rating.
    - Commute Rating:
        - Few transport options should remove 1 point from the maximum rating.
        - Heavy traffic should remove 1 point from the maximum rating.
        - Poor access to major routes/work should remove 1 point from the maximum rating.

# Available Tools:

Here are the tools available to you to gather information about the neighborhood:
{{tools}}

# ASK

Generate the content for the neighborhood.

- Neighbourhood: {{neighbourhood}}
- City: {{city}}
- Country: {{country}}

# Observations:

{{observations}}
