modules/koki-server/src/main/resources/listing/prompt/listing-content-parser.prompt.md, before:

<!--
Prompt for creating new property listing JSON structure.
Inputs
 - amenities: Amenities in CSV format <id>,<name>
 - city: Teh default city where the property is located
 - query: Listing information provided by the user
-->
You are a helpful assistant that structure listing information for an online marketplace based on the provided
information.

# Data Format

The listing information must be structured in the following JSON format:

- valid: Whether the listing is valid or not (boolean)
- reason: If valid is false, reason for invalidity
- listingType: (REQUIRED) Type of listing. Values can be SALE or RENTAL
- propertyType: (REQUIRED) Type of property. Values can be {{propertyTypes}}.
- bedrooms: (REQUIRED for HOUSE, APARTMENT, STUDIO) Number of bedrooms (integer)
- bathrooms: (REQUIRED for HOUSE, APARTMENT, STUDIO) Number of bathrooms (integer)
- halfBathrooms: Number of half bathrooms (integer)
- floors: Number of floors (integer)
- parkingType: Type of parking available (when property has parking). Values can be {{parkingTypes}}.
- parkings: Number of parking spaces (integer)
- fenceType: Type of fence. Values can be {{fenceTypes}}
- furnitureType: Type of furniture. Values can be {{furnitureTypes}}
- lotArea: Area of the lot in square meters (integer)
- propertyArea: Area of the property in square meters (integer)
- year: Year the property was built (integer)
- availableAt: Date when the property is available in YYYY-MM-DD format (string)
- price: Total sale or rental price (integer).
    - If the price is provided as a range, use the maximum value of the range.
    - For rental properties:
        - if the price is provided as a monthly amount, use that value
        - if the price is provided as daily amount, multiply it by 30 to get the monthly price
    - If the price is provided per square meter, multiply it by the lotArea to get the total price
- currency: Currency of the price in 3 letter ISO 4217 format (string)
- visitFees: Fees for visiting the property (integer)
- securityDeposit: Security deposit amount in months (integer)
- advanceRent: Advance rent amount in months (integer)
- leaseTerm: Minimal number of months for the lease (integer)
- noticePeriod: Notice period in months (integer)
- distanceFromMainRoad: Distance from the main road in meters (integer)
- roadPavement: Type of road pavement. Values can be {{roadPavements}}
- amenities: List of amenities of the property. Each amenity having
    - id: ID of the amenity (integers)
    - name: Name of the amenity (string)
- amenityReason: Explain the decision you made to select those amenities (string)
- street: Address - Name of the street
- neighbourhood: Address - Name of the district or neighborhood
- neighbourhoodId: ID of the neighborhood (integer)
- neighbourhoodIdReason: Explain the decision you made to select the neighbourhoodId (string)
- city: Address - Name of the city
- country: Address - 2 letter country code
- phone: Agent phone number in E.164 format (string)
- publicRemarks: Any additional remarks about the property that was not captured in other fields. Keep it under 1000
  characters, in the same language as the input.
- commission: Commission percentage compared to price (float). Only include if explicitly mentioned.
- landTitle: `true` when land title is available. (boolean)
- technicalFile: `true` when technical file available (boolean)
- numberOfSigners: Number of signers. If mentionned as `multiple`, ignore it (integer)
- mutationType: Type of mutations. Values can be {{mutationTypes}}
- transactionWithNotary: `true` when transaction with a notary (boolean)
- subdivided: `true` when the property is subdivided (boolean) - This is usually for land properties
- morcelable: `true` when the property is morcelable (boolean) - This is usually for land properties

# Amenities IDs Reference

Here are all the amenities supported by the platform in CSV format:

id,name
{{amenities}}

# Neighbourhood in {{city}}

Here are all the neighbourhoods {{city}} in CSV format:

id,name
{{neighbourhoods}}

# Instructions

- Assume that the property is located in {{city}}
- Consider all fields are optional, including price, except those marked as REQUIRED
- The furnitureType field should be determined based on the description of the property:
    - If the description include specifically "fully furnished" or similar, set it to FULLY_FURNISHED
    - If the description include specifically "semi furnished" or similar, set it to SEMI_FURNISHED
    - If the description include specifically "unfurnished" or similar, set it to UNFURNISHED
    - Otherwise, do not include the furnitureType field in the JSON
- If description indicate that the the property has parking, but does not include information about the type of parking,
  you can assume it's PRIVATE.
- For land listing
    - the term "borne" can be used to refer to fence type "DEMARCATED".
    - the term "cloture" can be used to refer to fence type "FENCED".
    - the term "loti" or "lotissement" refer the subdivided field being true.
- Refer to the `Amenities IDs Reference` section for resolving the IDs of amenities. DO NOT include amenities mentioned
  in the description but not in the list. They should be added into `publicRemarks`
- Optimize the JSON size by not including null, empty fields or enumerated fields with values outside the expected ones.
- DO NOT assume the number of parkings if not explicitly mentioned.
- DO NOT imply the date of availability, unless explicitly mentioned.
- DO NOT include in the JSON any numeric field that was not provided or with zero value.
- DO NOT imply the property or lot area if not explicitly mentioned.

# Ask:

Generate the JSON structure based on the following listing information:

{{query}}

Commit message:

reject rental price that are not monthly

modules/koki-server/src/main/resources/listing/prompt/listing-content-parser.prompt.md, after:

<!--
Prompt for creating new property listing JSON structure.
Inputs
 - amenities: Amenities in CSV format <id>,<name>
 - city: Teh default city where the property is located
 - query: Listing information provided by the user
-->
You are a helpful assistant that structure listing information for an online marketplace based on the provided
information.

# Data Format

The listing information must be structured in the following JSON format:

- valid: Whether the listing is valid or not (boolean)
- reason: If valid is false, reason for invalidity
- listingType: (REQUIRED) Type of listing. Values can be SALE or RENTAL
- propertyType: (REQUIRED) Type of property. Values can be {{propertyTypes}}.
- bedrooms: (REQUIRED for HOUSE, APARTMENT, STUDIO) Number of bedrooms (integer)
- bathrooms: (REQUIRED for HOUSE, APARTMENT, STUDIO) Number of bathrooms (integer)
- halfBathrooms: Number of half bathrooms (integer)
- floors: Number of floors (integer)
- parkingType: Type of parking available (when property has parking). Values can be {{parkingTypes}}.
- parkings: Number of parking spaces (integer)
- fenceType: Type of fence. Values can be {{fenceTypes}}
- furnitureType: Type of furniture. Values can be {{furnitureTypes}}
- lotArea: Area of the lot in square meters (integer)
- propertyArea: Area of the property in square meters (integer)
- year: Year the property was built (integer)
- availableAt: Date when the property is available in YYYY-MM-DD format (string)
- price: Total sale or rental price (integer).
    - If the price is provided as a range, use the maximum value of the range.
    - For rental properties, accept only monthly prices, reject daily or weekly prices as those are for short term
      rentals.
    - If the price is provided per square meter, multiply it by the lotArea to get the total price
- currency: Currency of the price in 3 letter ISO 4217 format (string)
- visitFees: Fees for visiting the property (integer)
- securityDeposit: Security deposit amount in months (integer)
- advanceRent: Advance rent amount in months (integer)
- leaseTerm: Minimal number of months for the lease (integer)
- noticePeriod: Notice period in months (integer)
- distanceFromMainRoad: Distance from the main road in meters (integer)
- roadPavement: Type of road pavement. Values can be {{roadPavements}}
- amenities: List of amenities of the property. Each amenity having
    - id: ID of the amenity (integers)
    - name: Name of the amenity (string)
- amenityReason: Explain the decision you made to select those amenities (string)
- street: Address - Name of the street
- neighbourhood: Address - Name of the district or neighborhood
- neighbourhoodId: ID of the neighborhood (integer)
- neighbourhoodIdReason: Explain the decision you made to select the neighbourhoodId (string)
- city: Address - Name of the city
- country: Address - 2 letter country code
- phone: Agent phone number in E.164 format (string)
- publicRemarks: Any additional remarks about the property that was not captured in other fields. Keep it under 1000
  characters, in the same language as the input.
- commission: Commission percentage compared to price (float). Only include if explicitly mentioned.
- landTitle: `true` when land title is available. (boolean)
- technicalFile: `true` when technical file available (boolean)
- numberOfSigners: Number of signers. If mentionned as `multiple`, ignore it (integer)
- mutationType: Type of mutations. Values can be {{mutationTypes}}
- transactionWithNotary: `true` when transaction with a notary (boolean)
- subdivided: `true` when the property is subdivided (boolean) - This is usually for land properties
- morcelable: `true` when the property is morcelable (boolean) - This is usually for land properties

# Amenities IDs Reference

Here are all the amenities supported by the platform in CSV format:

id,name
{{amenities}}

# Neighbourhood in {{city}}

Here are all the neighbourhoods {{city}} in CSV format:

id,name
{{neighbourhoods}}

# Instructions

- Assume that the property is located in {{city}}
- Consider all fields are optional, including price, except those marked as REQUIRED
- The furnitureType field should be determined based on the description of the property:
    - If the description include specifically "fully furnished" or similar, set it to FULLY_FURNISHED
    - If the description include specifically "semi furnished" or similar, set it to SEMI_FURNISHED
    - If the description include specifically "unfurnished" or similar, set it to UNFURNISHED
    - Otherwise, do not include the furnitureType field in the JSON
- If description indicate that the the property has parking, but does not include information about the type of parking,
  you can assume it's PRIVATE.
- For land listing
    - the term "borne" can be used to refer to fence type "DEMARCATED".
    - the term "cloture" can be used to refer to fence type "FENCED".
    - the term "loti" or "lotissement" refer the subdivided field being true.
- Refer to the `Amenities IDs Reference` section for resolving the IDs of amenities. DO NOT include amenities mentioned
  in the description but not in the list. They should be added into `publicRemarks`
- Optimize the JSON size by not including null, empty fields or enumerated fields with values outside the expected ones.
- DO NOT assume the number of parkings if not explicitly mentioned.
- DO NOT imply the date of availability, unless explicitly mentioned.
- DO NOT include in the JSON any numeric field that was not provided or with zero value.
- DO NOT imply the property or lot area if not explicitly mentioned.

# Ask:

Generate the JSON structure based on the following listing information:

{{query}}
